## CodeTalk 4: When life gives you a lemon, well whatever

Remember when I said writing blog is the only thing I can express myself these days? This episode will be a ranting one since well, I need to rant.

Anyway, fuck everything tonight, I just want to write or read something.

Where do I start this rant?

Let's start with saying: this 3 months (and ongoing) staying at home has been both a bless and a curse, fucking curse.

A little background here: Long story short, I had to come back home after 2.5 years studying abroad and now I'm waiting for the semester B in RMIT to start, hence explain the 4 months of waiting at home.

Not gonna lie, before going back home, I've already kinda predicted it's gonna be a hell, though how bad of a hell is something I couldn't estimate back then.

Since it's easy to express how tired it has been, I will begin with explaining how it's a blessing to stay at home.

I mean, if I have to choose between staying at home or still studying abroad, I personally choose home as I don't need to stress about the money. Wise one once said: 'Money is the root of all evils', it's truly stressful to spend money that isn't yours, especially when your Asian mom keeps pressuring about how important THEIR money is. Come together with the money is food, which will be less of a problem at home. The last thing is family. Admittedly, it feels nice to have family around, or even someone around is enough, however, being around them for too much is a curse.

I swear to god, imagine having someone to disturb you EVERY.FUCKING.30.MINUTES, holy shit, what a pain in the ass. I kid you not, they never run out of things to ask me to do, which (now that I look back) is kinda a talent. Whenever or as soon as I started doing something, holy fucking shit, here comes the 'calling'. I mean I don't regret going back as it's still better than staying in Australia, but heaven do I miss my freedom before, and fucking hell staying at home is. If that's not bad enough, I literally have no speech at home, man sometimes I think I was adopted, comparing my younger brother life and my life (back then when his age) and now is like Heaven and Tartarus, truly the golden child, the favorite son, the fucking white-ish sheep in the family, getting whatever he wants while I have to clean up his shit (not literally thanks god).

Hello darkness my old friend...

Countless time, I wish I could go to uni again, second thought though, if I had to wish, all I wish is to get the hell fucking away from my family, no more endless house chores day til night, no more disturbance, no more brain/mental fuck. So many bullshits and the only way I can express my anger is through writing.

So many life decisions I have made based on this idea of being independent from my family, most of which ended up going south.

Sometimes I feel like the more I hold back my anger (which is triggered by my mom mostly), the number my feelings and emotions is, I didn't even feel that happy or sense of relieve when going back home after 2.5 years away, it's more like going back to the place I tried to run away from.

To my future-self reading this blog again: This is the reason, the motivation for you to study.

Whatever, I'm at the point where I have to choose between bad and worse anyway.

Sorry for such heavy episode, I want to rant honestly, I promise next episodes will be more interesting that just story of my life. 

Let's wrap up this episode.



