## CodeTalk 1: Fake it til you make it

It should be a good start for this episode, and I do mean by it. Let's start with I used to hate coding.
Hell, until now I don't know I even like coding or not, love-hate relationship kinda thing I guess. But 
back then I really hated coding. I believe all the frustration and disgust started with a fail in a JAVA 
unit. 

If I recall correctly, the failed unit was CITS2200 Data Structure and Algorithms this time around a year ago. 
Boy did my study abroad journey went downhill after this event, but that is a story for another CodeTalk. Anyway, 
the reason I failed you ask? 

Cuz I didn't study for it. 

Well, I did study for the first three weeks, and by study I meant just watching the lectures and did the 
assignments. As the weeks went by, the lab assignments got harder, especially if you were like me - 
not watching lectures or doing outside revisions, the lab then became impossible to understand, well, to me 
back then at least. I remembered I would spend five days before the deadline to work on the assignments and 
still not be able to comprehend any shits. And that's when I started giving up on myself and pretty much the 
whole unit. The whole stress of "not doing anything and not understand anything" kept bottled up, and when it 
does pop, believe me, it POPPED HARD. 

The aftermaths? I got scared of coding for a while. A bit of PTSD and depression? What a time. Glad it's in the 
past now.

However, thanks to that event, now we have the first CodeTalk episode. Back to the topic, what do I mean by
"Fake it til you make it"? 

Well after that event, I learned a lot from it. The first thing is that programming is like writing a fucking 
book. It's annoying and enjoying at the same time. Focus on the book writing example for a moment. Actually 
this is an example from the "Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck", a great book by the way, anyway, the story is 
that, a writer wrote like 40,000 words per year, and they want to know how he can do it, he simply told them 
that he forced himself to write 200 words a day (it was something along the line of like: fucking annoying 200 
words a day, or something like that), which is incredibly little amount of words to write, but if you are stuck,
it will be quite annoying indeed. However, sometimes it doesn't stop at 200 words, the writer got productive and 
inspired and then he started writing more. Of course, some days it will be literally just 200 words. 

And coding is just like that.

Starting a line of program can be tough or you just don't have the motivation to do it. But here's a fun thing,
the distance between getting everything done (a project, a problem or simply an exercise) and nothing got done at 
all is that fucking little piece of program (pun I guess?). Just like that writer, you just need to sit down, and 
start that first line of program, when I mean first line, I certainly mean more than one line. Either way, the 
idea of it is similar to you're pretending or faking doing something. Have you ever pretended that you like doing
something? Maybe pretend that you're sleeping and then you actually fall asleep? No? Fuck you and your honesty.
Anyway, whatever you do, either faking it or sincerely writing the program, you just need to write that one line 
down, and other lines will follow. 

Okay, here's come the second thing I learned. I got the most stressed from not doing anything. Man, it costs me so 
much just to learn this simple lesson. The less you do, the more stress you have. I remembered I was over-thinking
about not understand anything about the lab assignment but at the same time, I didn't actually do anything about it 
to reduce that stress I had. That's why now, whenever I have that imposter syndrome or I feel stressed about not 
doing anything, I simply told myself to find something to do, something to learn or write some programs. 

And hence this blog is born.

Welp, that will wrap up the first episode of CodeTalk. About the story of my past, I used to run away from it, and I 
didn't tell anyone except my parents cuz they well, pay my tuition. After reading "The Subtle Art of Not Giving a
Fuck", I learned to accept it, that I was a mess back then, and as mentioned above, I also came to a realisation of 
many things so that I won't make the same mistakes again in the future. The topic about what I have learned in terms
of programming and life in general after 3 years of studying abroad would be an interesting thing to talk about but 
that's another time for another CodeTalk (I don't wanna cry talking about them tho).
