## CodeTalk 2: Step back, look at the whole picture.

I once had this two friends, let's call them 'A' and 'N'. Based on real life story by the way.

They both started their first year when I was in Foundation Program, majoring in Data Science and
they were in the same circle of friends back then. 

Two months into their first semester, while 'A' got his first part-time job as a kitchen hand, 'N' 
just focused on getting HDs for her units, if I recall correctly, she also made some other friends 
in her classes. 

Three months went by and when first year second semester came, 'A' had already bought his first Iphone X, 
whereas 'N' started joining some university clubs. 

At that time, I did really admire 'A' as he was the first one in our friend group to have a part-time 
job while we were (or me at least) still searching for one. I then asked how he could balance both 
study and work at the same time and became so financially independent (before you can say anything, I 
was still young back then, and in my opinion, if you can buy something really expensive yourself, 
it means you are "financially independent", god I was such a naive kid), I don't really remember what 
he said to be exact but it was something like: he doesn't want to rely on his family too much and the 
units are easy to pass.

Anyway, because 'A' had to work a lot, he began to grow distanced from 'N', from all of us actually. 
When I say distance, I mean literally distance cuz he then started moving out to some 
shared-apartment at the start of their second year, "For a cheaper rent", he claimed.

What happened after he moved out?

No fucking idea, I stopped hearing anything from him ever since. 

About 'N', although she never had any part-time jobs, she seemed to be very happy and enjoying her university life. After joining some clubs, she
quickly got promoted to higher positions thanks to her ability. Not to mention her GPA was crazy high 
as she always maintained her HDs streak. It was NO SURPRISE to me that she then moved out from the dorm that she had lived for nearly 3 years,
and now living in the apartment that she bought (currently own) with her new job from the paid intern. 

In terms of 'A', well, according to my friends, as he was unable to balance work and study anymore, he 
decided to quit all his part-time jobs and focus on his study again. He had also moved back to some other 
university dorms because the transportation cost was too much from his shared-apartment. Last but not 
least, because of his low GPA, he struggled to find an intern. 

So after watching their journey for nearly three years, what do I learn?

Life is hecking unexpected. I mean this is truly an irl (in real life) example for "How the turn has tabled".
Even though they both haven't graduated, while 'A' is still trying to get an intern and pass the units, 'N' already
owned an apartment and got a stable well-paid job position.

However, after having given it some thoughts, it just all comes down to their initial visions. 

On the one hand, although 'A' has good intention, like not wanting to financially rely too much on family, his methods of doing part-time
jobs and not studying well enough only temporarily work at first. In other words, he had a short-term vision on making money and support himself as well as
support his family.

'N' on the other hand, coincidence or not, I feel like she knows what she is doing in any stages of her life. From aiming for HDs and building 
connections with others in the first semester to joining university clubs and getting quickly promoted to higher positions for her resume in
second year and finally landed a job as a Data Analyst. Again, intentionally or not, her long-term vision is so impressive that I ended up getting 
inspired by her success.

Honestly, this episode would be longer if I didn't start writing blog so late as it is currently 2am and I have been writing for 3 hours already, therefore, many initial ideas have slowly faded. Just some last words, from my perspective, it did really shock me to see both of them changed 
like that, especcially 'A' as I used to admire his method during their first year. For international student, you always want to support 
your family as quick as possible (at least that's what I used to believe since almost everyone has a part-time job).
